README.md, before:


# Classbot

## A SlackBot to take care of your classroom resources!!

<center>

<a href="https://travis-ci.org/github/Ayushi61/Classroom-Bot"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/Ayushi61/Classroom-Bot.svg?branch=master" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/288084201"><img src="https://zenodo.org/badge/288084201.svg" alt="DOI"></a>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/Ayushi61/Classroom-Bot" alt="Issues">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/Ayushi61/Classroom-Bot?style=plastic" alt="Closed Issues">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Ayushi61/Classroom-Bot" alt="Light Weight">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ayushi61/Classroom-Bot/Haktoberfest" alt="Win a Tshirt">

</center>

### Why a developer cares

1. Quantify the time taken by a user to scroll through all the resources vs using the Classroom-Bot. Contact the owner for more information on the prototype of the website that can make your as well as participants' task easy to do lab experiments.
2. Looking to work on a project that has various decoupled applications.
3. Work on each component of the project. Or Pick your choice: Django Backend, REACT UI or Docker and Tavis based DevOps, or Automated Tests
4. Make an impact for the fellow academic community.

Have look at how useful can classbot be for your classroom workspace!!!

[![Classbot Video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/CRSTGNChs1o/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/CRSTGNChs1o)

A lot of classrooms use slack as mode of communication. 

* But what if we could turn that slack room into a complete integrated classroom experience?
* What if the professors and the TAs had a bot which could allow them to manage lot of admin tasks for their course from slack?
* What if all the students had their back by a bot which would never let them miss any deadlines, see their class schedule, 
grades, assignments and other classroom resources from slack?

The classroom bot is the bot that can satisfy all of the above **what ifs**.


#### Table Of Contents

1. [What is Classroom Bot](/docs/whatallispossible.md)

2. [Quick intro to the system](/docs/how.md)

2. [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

3. [Before Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)

4. [Start Contributing](docs/design.md)

5. [Citation](CITATION.md)

6. [Project 1 Assessment](PROJ1-selfAssessment.md)

Commit message:

Issue 8 (#13)
* Issue-8 - rearrange documentation to make it simpler to setup a local dev. environment

* Finishing initial local.env scripts - will combine them later

* Finished 'bootstrapping' environment docs

* Fixing test command - we gotta stop using docker for running TESTS

README.md, after:


# Classbot

## A SlackBot to take care of your classroom resources!!

<center>

<a href="https://travis-ci.org/github/Ayushi61/Classroom-Bot"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/Ayushi61/Classroom-Bot.svg?branch=master" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/288084201"><img src="https://zenodo.org/badge/288084201.svg" alt="DOI"></a>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/Ayushi61/Classroom-Bot" alt="Issues">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/Ayushi61/Classroom-Bot?style=plastic" alt="Closed Issues">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Ayushi61/Classroom-Bot" alt="Light Weight">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ayushi61/Classroom-Bot/Haktoberfest" alt="Win a Tshirt">

</center>

### Why a developer cares

1. Quantify the time taken by a user to scroll through all the resources vs using the Classroom-Bot. Contact the owner for more information on the prototype of the website that can make your as well as participants' task easy to do lab experiments.
2. Looking to work on a project that has various decoupled applications.
3. Work on each component of the project. Or Pick your choice: Django Backend, REACT UI or Docker and Tavis based DevOps, or Automated Tests
4. Make an impact for the fellow academic community.

Have look at how useful can classbot be for your classroom workspace!!!

[![Classbot Video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/CRSTGNChs1o/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/CRSTGNChs1o)

A lot of classrooms use slack as mode of communication. 

* But what if we could turn that slack room into a complete integrated classroom experience?
* What if the professors and the TAs had a bot which could allow them to manage lot of admin tasks for their course from slack?
* What if all the students had their back by a bot which would never let them miss any deadlines, see their class schedule, 
grades, assignments and other classroom resources from slack?

The classroom bot is the bot that can satisfy all of the above **what ifs**.


## Developing and Contributing

To get started, you will need to first review our [CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING.md) document and our [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) guidelines.

After that, we have many resources available in the [docs](./docs) directory of this repository. Take a look at these to understand how Class Room Bot works.

### Development Environment

To get your local environment up and running, we suggest reading the `README.md` for every part of Classroom Bot

* [Backend Service](./backend-service/bot_server/README.md)
* [Proxy Service](./backend-service/bot_proxy_server/README.md)
* [UI Application](./ui/README.md)
