backend-service/bot_server/README.md, before:

# Instructions to run the Django Bot Server

## Requirements

1. `python --version` <br/>
   Python 3.7.3
2. `mysql --version` <br/>
   [mysql Ver 14.14 Distrib 5.7.31](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-installation-excerpt/5.7/en/), for Linux (x86_64) using  EditLine wrapper
3. [Django and code base requirements](./requirements.txt)
4. Linter, which adheres to PEP8 standards:
   `pycodestyle==2.6.0`
5. We have used PyCharm and VSCode as Editors with pycodestyle as linter in Python Environment
Note: We recommend using virtualenv

## Note for a developer

1. Always makemigrations and commit those new migration files to respository to keep track of changes to Database. Use the steps without Docker option for that.

## Steps to follow for local development without docker

1. Install MySQL Client, Use user `root` and assign password `group18`
2. Set up local environment variables as given [here](./../sample.env)
3. Install all the other requirements which were mentioned above.
4. Give executable permissions to `backend-service/execute.sh`
5. From the directory Classroom-Bot, go to bot_server: `cd backend-service/bot_server/`
6. Run `../execute.sh`
7. Your server is running on port number 8000.

## Steps to follow for local development with docker

1. Install Docker
2. Modify the Docker compose version in [`docker-compose.yml`](../../docker-compose.yml), if you have different version.
3. Use make commands: `make backend.app` to run the bot_server application.
4. Check docker logs `docker container logs backend-service`, if there are errors of connection with mysql, use `make restart.backend` to rerun the bot_server application.
5. Your server is running on port number 8000.

Commit message:

Adds instructions for virtual env and mysql installation (#1)
* Adds instructions for virtual env and mysql installation

* Aligning like files to like places

* Finished working on the docker file setups

* Small updates to makefile

* Capitilize dockerfile

* Simplifying dockerfile

backend-service/bot_server/README.md, after:

# Instructions to run the Django Bot Server

## Requirements

1. Python 3.7.3
2. IDE that supports `pycodestyle`
3. We use a `.pyenv` file if you use [PyEnv] to manage multiple python environments
4. Docker

## Setting Up

### MySQL or MySQL Client

This project requires a MySQL client driver to work. You can install this by either installing mysql in full, or just the mysql client. Follow the instructions on the official [MySQL Documentation site](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/installing.html).

**We reccomend installing just the `mysql-client` and not the entire database!**

### Python Dependencies

First, create a virtual environment as a `./venv` directory
```
python -m venv ./venv
```

Then install all dependencies
```
./venv/bin/pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Note for a developer

1. Always makemigrations and commit those new migration files to respository to keep track of changes to Database. Use the steps without Docker option for that.

## Steps to follow for local development with docker

1. Install Docker
2. Modify the Docker compose version in [`docker-compose.yml`](../../docker-compose.yml), if you have different version.
3. Use make commands: `make backend.app` to run the bot_server application.
4. Check docker logs `docker container logs backend-service`, if there are errors of connection with mysql, use `make restart.backend` to rerun the bot_server application.
5. Your server is running on port number 8000.
